[12.0][MIG] product_pricelist_revision: Migration to 12.0 (#524)
OCA/product-attribute: product_pricelist_revision/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproduct--attribute-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/product-attribute/tree/12.0/product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: OCA/product-attribute
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/product-attribute-12-0/product-attribute-12-0-product_pricelist_revision
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/135/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module allow create revisions of pricelist prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to create revisions of pricelist prices.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to *Sales > Products > Pricelists* and create a new Price List.

Reviewer: Add Configuration section saying that you need to enable "Multiple Sales Prices per Product" and select option "Prices computed from formulas (discounts, margins, roundings)" in Sales > Configuration > Settings.

#. Add a Pricelist Items to that Price List. Set 'Fix Price' value on the field

>    'Compute Price' and set a fixed price of 100.

Reviewer: Don't put an specific price, but give generic instructions:
```suggestion
   'Compute Price' and set a fixed price.
```

#. Go to the new menu *Sales > Products > Pricelist Items*, select the
   previously created item and click on *Action > Duplicate Item*.
#. In the wizard set 'Date Start', set 'Date End' and set 'Variation %' to

>    '50'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a value different from 100.
```

#. Click on 'Apply' and you will see a new Price List Item that is a copy of
   the previous item. In that new Item the value of the 'Fixed Price' field

>    will be 150 (50% more than the Fixed Price of the previous Item) and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   will be the previous price plus that price multiplied by the variation percentage and the value of the 'Variation %' will contain that value.
```
